Update dev doc (#203)
findonflow/find: integratingMetadataViews.md

We advice anybody that is integrating to contact us in [discord in the technical channel](https://discord.gg/8a27XMx8Zp) 

## Implementing `MetadataViews.Display`
For .Find to display an asset, the smart contract MUST implement `MetadataViews.Display`
.Find gets the display information through resolving Display View. 
Let's take a closer look on code implementation. 

```cadence

pub fun resolveView(_ type: Type): AnyStruct? {
	switch type {

		// Example for Display 
		case Type<MetadataViews.Display>() : 

			return MetadataViews.Display(
				name: NFT name, // Type<String>
				description: NFT description, // Type<String>
				thumbnail: NFT thumbnail // Type<{MetadataViews.File}>
			)

	}
}

```

If the thumbnail is a HTTP resource 
```cadence 
thumbnail : MetadataViews.HTTPFile(url: *Please put your url here)
```

If the thumbnail is an IPFS resource
```cadence 
//
thumbnail : MetadataViews.IPFSFile(
	cid: thumbnail cid, // Type <String>

> 	path: ipfs path // Type <String?> if it is not a directory, please put *nil*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	path: ipfs path // Type <String?> iif the cid is a path cid and you need a path classifier, if cid is file cid put nil here. 
```
